domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/fighter_leader.c-    "newbie"      : "the Hotheaded Young Brawler",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/fighter_leader.c-    "mortal"      : "the Sword for Hire",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/fighter_leader.c-    "high mortal" : "the Accomplished Swordsman",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/fighter_leader.c-    "legend"      : "the Widowmaker",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/fighter_leader.c-    "avatar"      : "the Supreme Master of War",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/fighter_leader.c-    "demigod"     : "the Embodiment of Battle",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/fighter_leader.c-    "/std/clothing/body/black_robe" : "wear robe",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "newbie" : "the Sailor",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "mortal" : "the Crafty Sailor",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "hm"     : "Captain $N",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "legend" : "the Shore Raider",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "avatar" : "the Scourge of the Fleet",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/sailor_leader.c-    STD_WEAPON + "slash/longsword" : "wield longsword",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/bard.c-      "newbie" : "the Lowly Busker",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/bard.c-      "mortal" : "the Amateur Minstrel",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/bard.c-      "hm"     : "the Songsmith",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/bard.c-      "legend" : "the Inspired Weaver of Songs",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/bard.c-      "avatar" : "the Voice of Averath",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/cleric_leader.c-    "newbie" : "the Aetarin Initiate",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/cleric_leader.c-    "mortal" : "the Priest of Aetarin",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/cleric_leader.c-    "hm" :     "the Honorable Preacher",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/cleric_leader.c-    "legend" : "the Arbitrator",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/cleric_leader.c-    //"fighter" : "of the Aetarin Crusade",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/cleric_leader.c-    //"bard" : "the Rapturous Composer",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/farmer.c-    "newbie" : "the Farmhand",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/farmer.c-    "mortal" : "the Field Runner",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/farmer.c-    "hm"     : "the Planter of Lands",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/farmer.c-    "legend" : "the Harvester",
domains/averath/towns/averath/npc/farmer.c-    "avatar" : "the Farmsteader",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/jolich.c-    "newbie" : "the Impotent",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/jolich.c-    "mortal" : "the Undestinguished Watchman",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/jolich.c-    "hm"     : "the Member of the Dalnairn Guard",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/jolich.c-    "legend" : "the Commendable Custodian",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/jolich.c-    "avatar" : "the Obsidian Blade",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/derek.c-    "newbie" : "the Profiteering Prophet",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/derek.c-    "mortal" : "the Zealous Collector",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/derek.c-    "hm"     : "the Avaricious Abbot",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/derek.c-    "legend" : "the Rapacious Rector",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/derek.c-    "avatar" : "the Venal Vicar of the Obsidian Mountain",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/morven.c-    "newbie" : "the Drifter of Dalnairn",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/morven.c-    "mortal" : "the Recreant Reprobate",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/morven.c-    "hm"     : "the Treacherous Trickster",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/morven.c-    "legend" : "the Mountebank of the Mountain",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/morven.c-    "avatar" : "the Overseer of the Masquerade",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/catriona.c-    "newbie" : "the Apprentice",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/catriona.c-    "mortal" : "the Menial Mage",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/catriona.c-    "hm"     : "the Worthy Wizard",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/catriona.c-    "legend" : "the Cunning Conjurer",
domains/averath/towns/dalnairn/npc/catriona.c-    "avatar" : "the Meritorious Manipulator of Energy",
domains/averath/oldareas/undead/npc/priest.c-     "newbie"         : "the Potential Zeran Priest",
domains/averath/oldareas/undead/npc/priest.c-     "!sigh",
domains/averath/oldareas/undead/npc/priest.c-     "!nod",
domains/averath/oldareas/undead/npc/neclead.c-     "newbie"        : "the Youth of the Darkness",
domains/averath/oldareas/undead/npc/neclead.c-     "mortal"        : "the Warlock of the Darkness",
domains/averath/oldareas/undead/npc/neclead.c-     "high mortal"   : "the Master over the Darkness",
domains/averath/oldareas/undead/npc/neclead.c-     "legend"        : "the Evil Ruler over the Hordes of the Undead",
domains/averath/oldareas/undead/npc/neclead.c-     "avatar"        : "the One with Absolute Power of Undeath",
domains/averath/oldareas/undead/npc/neclead.c-     "demigod"       : "the One Whom is Spoken of in Legends of Absolute Evil",
domains/averath/areas/sewers/npc/rogue_leader.c-    "newbie" : "the Young Hooligan",
domains/averath/areas/sewers/npc/rogue_leader.c-    "mortal" : "the Reprobate",
domains/averath/areas/sewers/npc/rogue_leader.c-    "high mortal" : "the Sneaky Bandit",
domains/averath/areas/sewers/npc/rogue_leader.c-    "legend" : "the Shadow Stalker",
domains/averath/areas/sewers/npc/rogue_leader.c-    "avatar" : "the Deadly Marauder",
domains/averath/areas/sewers/npc/rogue_leader.c-    "demigod" : "the Ascendant of the Underground",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/ashtang.c-                     "newbie" : "the Trainee Warrior of Baria",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/ashtang.c-                     "mortal" : "the Warrior of the Jungle",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/ashtang.c-                     "hm"     : "the Destroyer Warrior of Baria",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/ashtang.c-                     "legend" : "the Leopard Fighter of the Barian Jungle",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/ashtang.c-                     "avatar" : "the Master Slasher of the Dark Jungle",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/alkor.c-    "newbie" : "the Young Watcher of the Jungle",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/alkor.c-    "mortal" : "the Keeper of the Barian Jungle",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/alkor.c-    "hm"     : "the Beloved Ranger of Baria and the Jungle",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/alkor.c-    "legend" : "the Corageous Barian Overseer of Nature",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/alkor.c-    "avatar" : "the Guardian of the Dark Virgin Jungle",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/brun.c-                     "newbie" : "the Student of the Hunting Arts",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/brun.c-                     "mortal" : "the Hunter of the Barian Jungle",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/brun.c-                     "hm"     : "the Stone Fisted Hunter",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/brun.c-                     "legend" : "the Predator of Beasts",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/brun.c-                     "avatar" : "the Stalker of the Dark Jungle",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/naj.c-                     "newbie" : "the Dark Magic Novice",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/naj.c-                     "mortal" : "the Dark Magician of Baria",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/naj.c-                     "hm"     : "the Black Mage of the Jungle",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/naj.c-                     "legend" : "the Obscure Conjurer of Death",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/naj.c-  	"magical necromancy",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/naj.c-    "magical evokation",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/creb.c-     "newbie"      : "the Apprentice Shaman of Kuthar",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/creb.c-     "mortal"      : "the Wise Shaman of Kuthar",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/creb.c-     "high mortal" : "the High Mi'Dach of Kuthar",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/creb.c-     "legend"      : "the Zealous Mi'Dach of Kuthar",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/creb.c-     "avatar"      : "the Sensational Protector of the Ancients",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/krull.c-    "newbie"  : "the Weakling",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/krull.c-    "mortal"  : "the Barbarian",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/krull.c-    "hm"      : "the Massive Bruiser",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/krull.c-    "legend"  : "the Mangler and Thrasher",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/krull.c-    "avatar"  : "the Crusher of Dragon Bones",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/krull.c-     //"fighter" : "the Gladiator Who Fights Jungle Beasts",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/sardaukar.c-     "newbie" 		 : "the Apprentice Dragon Priest of Kuthar",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/sardaukar.c-     "mortal"      : "the Wise Dragon Priest of Kuthar",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/sardaukar.c-     "high mortal" : "the Sacred Dragon Priest of Kuthar",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/sardaukar.c-     "legend"      : "the Ancient Guardian of Souls",
domains/baria/towns/baria/npc/sardaukar.c-     "avatar"      : "the Powerful Hand of the Dragon Lord",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/kuthan.c-	  "newbie" : "the Squire of Glimmerdin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/kuthan.c-	  "mortal" : "Sir $N the Knight of Glimmerdin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/kuthan.c-	  "hm"     : "Lord $N the Knight of Glimmerdin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/kuthan.c-	  "legend" : "Commander $N the Knight of Glimmerdin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/kuthan.c-	  "avatar" : "Lord Commander $N the Knight-Templar of Glimmerdin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/kuthan.c-          "priest" : "Sir $N the Paladin of the Knights Templar of Glimmerdin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/civak.c-    "newbie" : "the Young Glimmerdin Fighter",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/civak.c-    "mortal" : "the Axe of Glimmerdin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/civak.c-    "hm"     : "the Hammer of the Mountain",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/civak.c-    "avatar" : "the Hammer and Shield of the Dwarves",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/torun.c-    "newbie" : "the Acolyte of Kylin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/torun.c-    "mortal" : "the War Priest of Kylin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/torun.c-    "hm"     : "the Bishop of Glimmerdin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/torun.c-    "avatar" : "the Cardinal of the Undermountain",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/torun.c-    "fighter": "the Glimmerdin Monk",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/torun.c-    "cavalier" : "the War-Paladin of Kylin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/karl.c-	  "newbie" : "the Rumbling Basso of Glimmerdin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/karl.c-	  "mortal" : "the Deeply Moving Performer of Glimmerdin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/karl.c-	  "hm"     : "the Grand Musician of Glimmerdin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/karl.c-	  "legend" : "the Legendary Artist of Glimmerdin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/karl.c-	  "avatar" : "the Divine Artist of Glimmerdin",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/glimmerdin/npc/karl.c-          "priest" : "the Illustrius Member of the Glimmerdin Choir",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/belwyn.c-    "newbie"   : "the Student of Eclat",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/belwyn.c-    "mortal"   : "the Follower of Eclat",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/belwyn.c-    "hm"       : "the Commissar of Eclat",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/belwyn.c-    "fighter"  : "the Proletarian",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/gantius.c-    "newbie" : "the Apprentice Magius",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/gantius.c-    "mortal" : "the Magius",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/gantius.c-    "hm"     : "the Honored Magius",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/gantius.c-    "avatar" : "the Archmage",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/gantius.c-    "fighter": "the Sorceror of Llorykshire",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/rogue.c-    "newbie" : "the Loud",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/rogue.c-    "mortal" : "the Newly Nimble",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/rogue.c-    "hm"     : "the Cherished Acquirer",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/rogue.c-    "legend" : "the Accomplished Liberator of Purses",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/rogue.c-    "avatar" : "the Spider",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/rogue.c-    //"burglar" : "the Surefooted Roof Walker",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/rogue.c-    "enchanter" : "the Dishonorable Magius",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/josef.c-    "newbie" : "the Conscript of the Shire",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/josef.c-    "mortal" : "the Shire Guard",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/josef.c-    "hm"     : "the Veteran Shire Guard",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/josef.c-    "legend" : "the Legendary Shire Guard",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/vanya.c-    "newbie" : "the Entertainer of the Shire",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/vanya.c-    "mortal" : "the Shire Songsmith",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/vanya.c-    "hm"     : "the Epic Poet",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/vanya.c-    "legend" : "the Legendary Player of the People's Marches",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/feckel.c-    "newbie" : "the Aspiring Adeptus",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/feckel.c-    "mortal" : "the Adeptus",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/feckel.c-    "hm"     : "the Greater Adeptus",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/feckel.c-    "avatar" : "the Master Adeptus",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/feckel.c-    "fighter": "the Sorceror of Llorykshire",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/lloryk/npc/feckel.c-    "rogue"  : "the Shadow Mage",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/fighter.c-    "newbie" : "the Swamprat",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/fighter.c-    "mortal" : "the Muckraker",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/fighter.c-    "hm"     : "the Denizen of the Swamp",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/fighter.c-    "legend" : "the Sub-Chief of Gwonish",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/necro.c-    "newbie" : "the Nurturer of Death",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/necro.c-    "mortal" : "the Practitioner of Souls",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/necro.c-    "hm"     : "the Harvester of Sorrows",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/necro.c-    "legend" : "the Bringer of Death",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/necro.c-    "avatar" : "the Orcas Orca",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/necro.c-    STD_POLE "staff" : "wield staff",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/shaman.c-    "newbie" : "the Gwonish Acolyte",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/shaman.c-    "mortal" : "the Shaman of the Swamp",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/shaman.c-    "hm"     : "the Wisened Shaman of the Swamp",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/shaman.c-    "legend" : "the Fearsome Shaman of the Swamp",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/shaman.c-    "avatar" : "the Wise and Respected Shaman of the Swamp",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/gwonish/npc/shaman.c-    "demi-god" : "the Divine Communicator of Ancestral Knowledge",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_evoker.c-    "newbie" : "the Aspiring Evoker",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_evoker.c-    "mortal" : "the Fire-starter",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_evoker.c-    "hm"     : "the Magi Pyromaniac",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_evoker.c-    "legend" : "the Flame Touched Mage",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_evoker.c-    "avatar" : "the Thaumaturgist of the Black Flame",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_evoker.c-   	"!cast fireball",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_evoker.c-   	"!cast lava storm",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_evoker.c-   	"!cast sphere",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_viking.c-    "newbie"  : "the Bilge Rat",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_viking.c-    "mortal"  : "the Orcish Reaver",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_viking.c-    "hm"      : "$N the Ocean-faring Entrepreneur",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_viking.c-    "legend"  : "Brigand $N the Legendary Rear Admiral of the Orcish Reavers",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_viking.c-    "avatar"  : "Pirate $N the Bloody-Eyed Raider",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_rogue.c-    "newbie" : "the Kleptomanic",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_rogue.c-    "mortal" : "the Silent Hand",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_rogue.c-    "hm"     : "the Shadow Master",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_rogue.c-    "legend" : "the Midnight Mirage",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_rogue.c-    "avatar" : "the Black Hand of Midnight",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_necro.c-    "newbie"  : "the Apprentice of Darkness",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_necro.c-    "mortal"  : "the Heinous Despoiler of Life's Essence",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_necro.c-    "hm"      : "the Depraved Manipulator of Darkness",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_necro.c-    "legend"  : "Shadow $N, Beguiler of the Darkness Beyond",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_necro.c-    "avatar"  : "Banshee $N the Augury of Death",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_shaman.c-    "newbie"   : "the Saahagoth Faithful",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_shaman.c-    "mortal"   : "the Saahagoth Crusader",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_shaman.c-    "hm"       : "the Master Weirder of Saahagoth",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_shaman.c-    "legend"   : "the Holy Weirder of Saahagoth",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_shaman.c-    "avatar"   : "the Zealot of the True Faith",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_fighter.c-    "newbie" : "the dirt-low initiate of the Horde",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_fighter.c-    "mortal" : "Peon $N the servant of the Horde",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_fighter.c-    "hm"     : "Stonecrusher $N the Backbone of the Orcish Horde",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_fighter.c-    "avatar" : "Blooddrinker $N the revered Warmonger of the Orcish Horde",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_merchant.c-    "newbie"  : "the moneygrubber",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_merchant.c-    "mortal"  : "the Peddler of Karak",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_merchant.c-    "hm"      : "the Swindler",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_merchant.c-    "legend"  : "the Thrifty Procurer of Goods",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_merchant.c-    "avatar"  : "The Master Cheater",
domains/crystal_reaches/towns/karak/npc/leader_merchant.c-    "fighter" : "the Economist of War",
domains/crystal_reaches/areas/rath_tower/npc/priest.c-     "newbie" : "the Supplicant of Rath Khan",
domains/crystal_reaches/areas/rath_tower/npc/priest.c-     "mortal" : "the Aspirant of Rath Khan",
domains/crystal_reaches/areas/rath_tower/npc/priest.c-     "hm"     : "the Faithful of Rath Khan",
domains/crystal_reaches/areas/rath_tower/npc/priest.c-     "avatar" : "the Vengence of Rath Khan",
domains/estergrym/towns/grymxoria/npc/agnod.c-    "newbie" : "the Wayward Aspiring Theurgist",
domains/estergrym/towns/grymxoria/npc/agnod.c-    "hm" 		 : "Lord $N the Wraithful Diabolist",
domains/estergrym/towns/grymxoria/npc/agnod.c-    "legend" : "Shade $N the Master of the Black Arts",
domains/estergrym/towns/grymxoria/npc/wotan.c-    "fighter"  : "the Faithful Blade of Aberach",
domains/estergrym/towns/grymxoria/npc/cyra.c-    "newbie" : "the Brute",
domains/estergrym/towns/grymxoria/npc/cyra.c-    "hm"     : "Captain $N of the Grymxorian Brute Squad",
domains/estergrym/towns/grymxoria/npc/cyra.c-    "cleric" : "the Maniacal Taskmaster of the Dark Goddess",
domains/estergrym/towns/grymxoria/npc/cyra.c-    "necromancer" : "the Unhallowed Tormenter of the Dark Goddess",
domains/estergrym/towns/grymxoria/npc/gemma.c-    "avatar" : "Lord Captain $N of the Grymxorian Guard",
domains/estergrym/towns/vacazar/npc/sarakar.c-     "newbie" : "the Faithful of Skadar",
domains/estergrym/towns/vacazar/npc/sarakar.c-     "mortal" : "the Priest of Skadar",
domains/estergrym/towns/vacazar/npc/sarakar.c-     "hm" : "the Silent Priest of Skadar",
domains/estergrym/towns/vacazar/npc/sarakar.c-     "legend" : "the Assassin-Priest of Skadar",
domains/estergrym/towns/vacazar/npc/sarakar.c-     "avatar" : "the Godly Assassin-Priest of Skadar",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/fighter.c-      "newbie"   : "the Wretched Whelp",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/fighter.c-      "mortal"   : "the Cursed Contender",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/fighter.c-      "legend"   : "Nightmare $N the Axe of Chaos",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/fighter.c-      "avatar"   : "the Long-Lived Destroyer of Dreams",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/shaman.c-      "newbie"   : "the Pathetic",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/shaman.c-      "mortal"   : "the Hand of Taigis",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/shaman.c-      "hm"       : "the Entropic Abomination",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/shaman.c-      "legend"   : "the Creature of Nightmares",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/shaman.c-      "avatar"   : "the Long-Lived Disciple of Chaos",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/necromancer.c-      "newbie"   : "the Necrophile",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/necromancer.c-      "mortal"   : "the Necrotic Nuisance",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/necromancer.c-      "hm"       : "the Harbinger of Death",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/necromancer.c-      "legend"   : "Lich $N the Perverter of Life",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/necromancer.c-      "avatar"   : "the Long-Lived Reaper of Souls",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/necromancer.c-       "fighter"  : "Revenant $N the Scythe of Annihilation",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/horror.c-      "newbie"   : "the Contemptible Initiate of Fear",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/horror.c-      "mortal"   : "the Messenger of Fright",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/horror.c-      "hm"       : "Horror $N the Hated",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/horror.c-      "legend"   : "the Feared",
domains/frostmarches/towns/durgoroth/npc/horror.c-      "avatar"   : "the Long-Lived Tormentor of Dreams",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/viking.c-    "newbie" : "the Viking Deckhand",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/viking.c-    "mortal" : "the Northern Raider",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/viking.c-    //"hm"     : "Captain $N the Viking Raider",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/viking.c-    "hm" : "the Old Sea Cat",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/viking.c-    "legend" : "Captain $N the Legendary Scourge of the Northern Sea",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/viking.c-    "avatar" : "Captain $N the Ransacker of Cities and Bane of Shipping",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/viking.c-     "necromancer" : "the Reaving Wraith on the North Wind",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/evoker.c-    "newbie" : "the Evokation Student of Keryth",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/evoker.c-    "mortal" : "the Determined Evoker of Keryth",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/evoker.c-    "hm"     : "the Respected Evoker",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/evoker.c-    "legend" : "the Expert of Evokation",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/cleric.c-      "newbie" : "the Tempted",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/cleric.c-      "mortal" : "the Wielder of the Black Rose",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/cleric.c-      "hm"     : "the Divine Theorist of Avarice",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/cleric.c-      "legend" : "the Zealous Preacher of Lust",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/cleric.c-      "avatar" : "the Ravenous Hierophant",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/enchanter.c-    "newbie" : "the Apprentice Magician",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/enchanter.c-    "mortal" : "the Magician",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/enchanter.c-    "hm"     : "the Grand Magician of Keryth",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/enchanter.c-    "legend" : "the Wizard of Enchantment",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/necromancer.c-    "newbie"   : "the Student Necromancer of Keryth",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/necromancer.c-    "mortal"   : "the Proficient Necromancer",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/necromancer.c-    "hm"       : "the Manipulator of Undeath",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/necromancer.c-    "legend"   : "the Superior Manipulator of Undeath",
domains/frostmarches/towns/keryth/npc/necromancer.c-    "avatar"   : "the All Powerful Commander of the Undead",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/spirit_warrior.c-    "newbie" : "the Young Pup",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/spirit_warrior.c-    "mortal" : "the Guardsman of Arcanith",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/spirit_warrior.c-    "hm"     : "the Defender of Arcanith",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/spirit_warrior.c-    "legend" : "the Guardian of Ruins",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/spirit_warrior.c-    "avatar" : "the Sentinel of Light",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/silvana.c-    "newbie"     :  "the Seeker of the Light",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/silvana.c-    "mortal"     :  "the Keeper of the Flame",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/silvana.c-    "hm"         :  "the Master of Illumination",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/silvana.c-    "legend"     :  "the Tender of the Tree",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/silvana.c-    "avatar"     :  "the Gardener of Arcanith",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/silvana.c-    "merchant"   :  "the Voice of the Light",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/silvana.c-    "fighter"    :  "the Hand of the Light",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/silvana.c-    "barbarian"  :  "the Crusader of the Light",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/silvana.c-    "cavalier"   :  "the Shimmering Paladin",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/rogue.c-    "newbie" : "the Clumsy",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/rogue.c-    "mortal" : "the Barely Noticeable",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/rogue.c-    "hm"     : "the Inconspicuous",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/rogue.c-    "legend" : "the Faceless Vagabond",
domains/frostmarches/towns/arcanith/npc/rogue.c-    "avatar" : "the One and Only No One",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/fighter.c-    "newbie" : "the Young Guard of Gurov",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/fighter.c-    "mortal" : "the Gurovian Guard",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/fighter.c-    "hm"     : "the Member of the Prince's Own",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/fighter.c-    "legend" : "the Right Arm of the Prince",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/fighter.c-    "avatar" : "the Defender of the North",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/merchant.c-    "newbie" : "the Serf",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/merchant.c-    "mortal" : "the Peasant",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/merchant.c-    "hm"     : "the Kulak",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/merchant.c-    "legend" : "the Master of the Soil",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/merchant.c-    "avatar" : "the Merchant Prince",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/leon.c-     "newbie" : "the Tunnel Rat",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/leon.c-     "mortal" : "the Problem Solver",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/leon.c-     "hm"     : "the Whisper in the Night",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/leon.c-     "legend" : "the Winter Wraith",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/leon.c-     "avatar" : "the White Death",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/meta_practical.c-    "newbie" : "the Elven Purist",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/meta_practical.c-    "mortal" : "the Keeper of Ancient Ways",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/meta_practical.c-    "hm"     : "Wild $N",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/meta_practical.c-    "legend" : "the Reactionary Forest Dweller",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/meta_practical.c-    "avatar" : "the Divine Walker of the Ancient Wood",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/lydia.c-    "newbie" : "Acolyte $N of Aberach",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/lydia.c-    "mortal" : "$N the Cleric of Aberach",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/lydia.c-    "hm"     : "$N the Vengence of Aberach",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/lydia.c-    "legend" : "$N the Decimator of the Light",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/lydia.c-    "avatar" : "$N the Destroyer of the Opposition",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/lydia.c-    "rogue" : "Oprichnik $N the Hand of the Prince",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/kylin_priest.c-    "newbie"   : "the Orthodox Mendicant of Kylin",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/kylin_priest.c-    "mortal"   : "the Orthodox Priest of Kylin",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/kylin_priest.c-    "hm"       : "the Orthodox Metropolitan of Gurov",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/kylin_priest.c-    "avatar"   : "the Patriarch of the North",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/kylin_priest.c-    "fighter"  : "the Orthodox Monk",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/kylin_priest.c-    "cavalier" : "the Orthodox Paladin of Kylin",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/mag_mystic.c-     "newbie" : "the Northern Mystic Acolyte",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/mag_mystic.c-     "mortal" : "the Northern Mystic",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/mag_mystic.c-     "hm"     : "the Greater Mystic of the North",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/mag_mystic.c-     "legend" : "the Legendary Magildan Patriarch",
domains/gurov/towns/gurov/npc/mag_mystic.c-     "avatar" : "the Pious Presenter of Magical Power",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/darany.c-     "newbie" : "the Amateur Songsmith",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/darany.c-     "mortal" : "the Arcane Lyricist",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/darany.c-     "hm"     : "the Enthralling Song Weaver",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/darany.c-     "legend" : "the Salacious Orator",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/darany.c-     "avatar" : "the Wanton Sonneter of Euphonies",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/darany.c-     "cleric" : "the Entrancing Choralist of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/darany.c-     "rogue"  : "the Dissolute Serenader",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/cav_lead.c-      "necromancer" : "the Dark Protector of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/cav_lead.c-      "newbie"      : "the Initiate Guard of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/cav_lead.c-      "mortal"      : "the Guard of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/cav_lead.c-      "hm"          : "the Royal Guard of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/cav_lead.c-      "legend"      : "the Protector of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/cav_lead.c-      "avatar"      : "the Protector of Prince Marikian",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/roy_evok.c-      "newbie"      : "the Apprentice Evoker of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/roy_evok.c-      "mortal"      : "the Evoker of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/roy_evok.c-      "high mortal" : "the Supreme Evoker of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/roy_evok.c-      "legend"      : "the High Evoker of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/roy_evok.c-      "avatar"      : "the Master of Evokation",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/necro_lead.c-     "cavalier" : "the Dark Protector of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/dancer.c-    "newbie" : "$N the Acolyte of the Dance",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/dancer.c-    "mortal" : "$N the Seductive",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/dancer.c-    "hm"     : "$N the Lithe Writher",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/dancer.c-    "legend" : "$N the Passionate Vision",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/dancer.c-    "avatar" : "$N the Poisoned Flower",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/cleric_lead.c-      "newbie" : "the Tempted",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/cleric_lead.c-      "mortal" : "the Wielder of the Black Rose",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/cleric_lead.c-      "hm"     : "the Divine Theorist of Avarice",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/cleric_lead.c-      "legend" : "the Zealous Preacher of Lust",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/cleric_lead.c-      "avatar" : "the Ravenous Hierophant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/cleric_lead.c-     "fighter" : "the Eternally Devoted Blade of Alessandra",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/cleric_lead.c-      "rogue"   : "the Shadow of the Dark Mistress",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/lucen.c-     "newbie"      : "the Novice Purveyer of Purses",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/lucen.c-     "mortal"      : "the Quickfinger",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/lucen.c-     "hm"          : "the Covetous Miscreant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/lucen.c-     "legend"      : "the Lecherous Prowler of Shadows",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/lucen.c-     "avatar"      : "the Depraved Shadow Reaver",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/lucen.c-     "evoker"      : "the Adept Prestidigitator",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/lucen.c-     "fighter"     : "the Dark Assassin of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/lucen.c-     "necromancer" : "the Reaper of Souls",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/roy_enc.c-     "newbie" 	   : "the Apprentice Enchanter of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/roy_enc.c-     "mortal" 	   : "the Enchanter of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/roy_enc.c-     "high mortal" : "the Master Enchater of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/roy_enc.c-     "legend"      : "the High Enchanter of Malviellant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/roy_enc.c-     "avatar"      : "the High Lord of Enchantment",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/fight_lead.c-       "newbie" : "the Initiate Guard of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/fight_lead.c-       "mortal" : "the Guard of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/fight_lead.c-       "hm"     : "the Protector of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/fight_lead.c-       "legend" : "the High Protector of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/npc/fight_lead.c-       "avatar" : "the Supreme Protector of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/merch_lead.c-     "newbie" : "the Foolish Marketer",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/merch_lead.c-     "mortal" : "the Savvy Trader",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/merch_lead.c-     "hm"     : "the Cunning Backroom Dealer",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/merch_lead.c-     "legend" : "the Perfidious Trafficker of Goods",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/merch_lead.c-     "avatar" : "the Astucious Agent",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_divine.c-    "newbie" : "the Apprentice Diviner of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_divine.c-    "mortal" : "the Diviner of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_divine.c-    "hm" : "the High Lord of Divination",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_divine.c-    "legend" : "the Bringer of Knowledge",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_divine.c-    "avatar" : "the Keeper of Knowledge",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_nec.c-    "newbie"   : "the Dark One of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_nec.c-    "mortal"   : "the Necromancer of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_nec.c-    "hm"       : "the High Necromancer of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_nec.c-    "legend"   : "the Supreme Necromancer",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_nec.c-    "avatar"   : "the Bringer of Death",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_nec.c-    "cavalier" : "the Dark Protector of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_nec.c- 		"clerical necromancy",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_nec.c- 		"magical necromancy",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_enchant.c-    "newbie" : "the Apprentice Enchanter of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_enchant.c-    "mortal" : "the Enchanter of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_enchant.c-    "hm"     : "the Master Enchanter of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_enchant.c-    "legend" : "the High Enchanter of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_enchant.c-    "avatar" : "the High Lord of Enchantment",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_enchant.c- SetTaughtSpheres( ({"magical enchantment","clerical enchantment",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_evok.c-    "newbie" : "the Apprentice Evoker of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_evok.c-    "mortal" : "the Evoker of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_evok.c-    "hm" 		 : "the Master Evoker of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_evok.c-    "legend" : "the High Evoker of Malveillant",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_evok.c-    "avatar" : "the High Lord of Evokation",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_evok.c- 		"clerical evokation",
domains/havenwood/towns/malveillant/level3/npc/lead_evok.c- 		"magical evokation",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/gittia.c-     "newbie" : "the Caretaker of the Havenwood",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/gittia.c-     "mortal" : "the Druid of the Havenwood",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/gittia.c-     "hm"     : "the Spirit-Keeper of the Havenwood",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/gittia.c-     "avatar" : "the Hierophant of the Havenwood",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/fighter.c-    "newbie" : "the Young Hunter",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/fighter.c-    "mortal" : "the Quiet Hunter",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/fighter.c-    "hm"     : "the Stalker of the Woods",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/fighter.c-    "legend" : "the Defender of the Havenwood",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/fighter.c-    "avatar" : "the Prescence in the Woods",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/fellia.c-   "newbie" : "the Gentle Walker of the Havenwood",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/fellia.c-   "mortal" : "the LightFoot of the Havenwood",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/fellia.c-   "hm"     : "the Padfoot of the Havenwood",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/fellia.c-   "legend" : "the Protector of the Havenwood",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/fellia.c-   "avatar" : "the Shadow of the Havenwood",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/reveller.c-   "newbie" : "the Night Reveller",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/reveller.c-   "mortal" : "the Dreamchaser",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/reveller.c-   "hm"     : "the Dancer of the Fae",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/reveller.c-   "legend" : "the Harlequin",
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/reveller.c-   "avatar" : "Reveller $N the Enchanter of Dreams",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/fighter_leader.c-    "newbie" : "the Young Brawler",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/fighter_leader.c-    "mortal" : "the Parvan Brawler",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/fighter_leader.c-    "hm"     : "the Winner of Bar Brawls",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/fighter_leader.c-    "legend" : "the Destroyer of Tavern Furnishings",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/fighter_leader.c-    "avatar" : "the Extreme Punisher of Tavernkeeps",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/necro.c-    "newbie" : "the Crypt Dweller",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/necro.c-    "mortal" : "the Worm Eater",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/necro.c-    "hm"     : "the Dark Walker of the Crypts",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/necro.c-    "legend" : "the Friend of all Dead Things",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/necro.c-    "avatar" : "the Champion of Crypts and Coffers",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/necro.c-    "fighter" : "the Grinning Guardian of Ghosts and Ghasts",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/barmaid.c-     "newbie" : "the Shadowy Lurker",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/barmaid.c-     "mortal" : "the Night Runner",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/barmaid.c-     "hm"     : "the Silent Mover",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/barmaid.c-     "legend" : "the Master of Thieves",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/barmaid.c-     "avatar" : "the Great Walker of the Crooked Path",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/barmaid.c-     "necromancer" : "the Soul Stealer",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/barmaid.c-     "merchant" : "the Swindler",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/barmaid.c-     "fighter" : "the Scheming Combatant",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/barmaid.c-     "evoker"  : "the Vagabond Mage",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.x-     "newbie"   : "the Infected Friar",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.x-     "mortal"   : "the Diseased Cleric",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.x-     "hm" 		  : "the Tainted Bishop",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.x-     "legend"   : "the Plague-Wrought Cardinal",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.x-     "avatar"   : "Pocked $N the Decayed Bringer of Oblivion",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.x-     "fighter"  : "the Plague Ridden Monk of Epidemics",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.x-     "chaplain" : "the Plague Bearer of the Seas",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "newbie" : "the Swabby",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "mortal" : "the Sailor",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "hm"     : "Captain $N",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "legend" : "Captain $N the Legendary Sea Dog",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "avatar" : "Captain $N the Salt of the Sea",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/sailor_leader.c-    STD_WEAPON + "slash/longsword" : "wield longsword",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.c-     "newbie"   : "the Infected Friar",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.c-     "mortal"   : "the Diseased Cleric",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.c-     "hm"       : "the Tainted Bishop",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.c-     "legend"   : "the Plague-Wrought Cardinal",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.c-     "avatar"   : "Pocked $N the Decayed Bringer of Oblivion",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.c-     "fighter"  : "the Plague Ridden Monk of Epidemics",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.c-     //"chaplain" : "the Plague Bearer of the Seas",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.c-     "rogue"    : "the Thief of Life and Death",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/thorian_cleric.c-     "acrobat"  : "the Blighted Beggar",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/soirin_cleric.c-      "newbie" : "the Initiate of the Dark Altar",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/soirin_cleric.c-      "mortal" : "the Nightshade",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/soirin_cleric.c-      "hm"     : "the Shadowed Hand of Soirin",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/soirin_cleric.c-      "legend" : "the Preacher of Darkness",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/soirin_cleric.c-      "avatar" : "the Elusive Dagger of Soirin",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/soirin_cleric.c-      "fighter" : "the Cunning Blade of Melchezidek",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/soirin_cleric.c-      "rogue"   : "the Midnight Trickster",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/bard.c-    "newbie" : "the Young Musician",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/bard.c-    "mortal" : "the Parvan Lute",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/bard.c-    "hm"     : "the Inciter of Bar Brawls",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/bard.c-    "legend" : "the Bane of the Baths",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/bard.c-    "avatar" : "the Tavern Keeper's Friend",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/bard.c-    "sailor" : "the Face that Launched a Hundred Rumrunners",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/ranger.c-     "newbie"    : "the Scout of the Forest",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/ranger.c-     "mortal"    : "the Forest Walker",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/ranger.c-     "hm"        : "the Master of Animals",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/ranger.c-     "legend"    : "the Forest Lord",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/ranger.c-     "avatar"    : "the Supreme Ruler of the Woods",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/ranger.c-   		"!smile",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/acrobat.c-      "newbie"   : "the Foolish Apprentice",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/acrobat.c-      "mortal"   : "the Silly Adventurer",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/acrobat.c-      "hm"       : "the Master of Motley",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/acrobat.c-      "legend"   : "the Fool of Parva",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/acrobat.c-      "avatar"   : "the Jester",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/acrobat.c-      "ranger"   : "the Farseeing Scout of the Havenwood Forest",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/damhair_cleric.c-    "newbie"  : "the Newly Drowned",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/damhair_cleric.c-    "mortal"  : "the Bringer of Tides",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/damhair_cleric.c-    "hm"      : "the Rider of the Waves",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/damhair_cleric.c-    "legend"  : "the Storm of the Seas",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/damhair_cleric.c-    "avatar"  : "Grand Storm $N the Thundercloud of Damhair",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/damhair_cleric.c-    "fighter" : "the Breaker of Hulls",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/damhair_cleric.c-    "rogue"   : "the Stalker of Shores",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/damhair_cleric.c-    "acrobat" : "the Wave-Borne Waif",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/damhair_cleric.x-    "newbie"  : "the Newly Drowned",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/damhair_cleric.x-    "mortal"  : "the Bringer of Tides",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/damhair_cleric.x-    "hm"      : "the Rider of the Waves",
domains/havenwood/towns/parva/npc/damhair_cleric.x-    "legend"  : "the Storm of the Seas",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/barmaid.c-                       "newbie" : "the Novice Lurker",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/barmaid.c-                       "mortal" : "the Lurker in the Shadows",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/barmaid.c-                       "hm"     : "the Master Cutpurse",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/barmaid.c-                       "legend" : "the Master Rogue",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/barmaid.c-                       "avatar" : "the Great Walker of the Crooked Path",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/barmaid.c-                       "necromancer" : "the Soul Stealer",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/barmaid.c-                       "merchant" : "the Swindler",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/barmaid.c-                       "diviner" : "the Seer Among the Shadows",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/barmaid.c-                       "fighter" : "the Scheming Combatant",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/barmaid.c-                       "evoker" : "the Vagabond Mage",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "newbie" : "the Swabby",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "mortal" : "the Sailor",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "hm"     : "Captain $N",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "legend" : "Captain $N the Legendary Sea Dog",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "avatar" : "Captain $N the Salt of the Sea",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/sailor_leader.c-    STD_WEAPON + "slash/longsword" : "wield longsword",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/snop.c-                       "newbie"  : "the Parva Fisherman Who Catches Tiny Fish",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/snop.c-                       "mortal"  : "the Great Parva Catcher of Fish",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/snop.c-                       "hm"      : "the Master Fish-Catcher of Parva",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/snop.c-                       "legend"  : "the Master of the Sea",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/snop.c-                       "avatar"  : "the Grand Fisherman of the East",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/snop.c-                       "fighter" : "the Mariner of Parva",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/snop.c-                       "rogue"   : "the Parva Catcher of Fish",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/bard.c-                       "newbie" : "the Parvan Debutant",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/bard.c-                       "mortal" : "the Singer by the Sea",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/bard.c-                       "hm"     : "the Parvan Storyteller",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/bard.c-                       "legend" : "the Enchanting Performer",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/bard.c-                       "avatar" : "the Entertainer",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/bard.c-                       "cleric" : "the Chorist of Parva",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/rogue_leader.c-    "newbie" : "the Nimble",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/rogue_leader.c-    "mortal" : "the Dodgy",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/rogue_leader.c-    "hm"     : "the Swift",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/rogue_leader.c-    "legend" : "the Quick",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/rogue_leader.c-    "avatar" : "the Cutpurse",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/rogue_leader.c-    STD_WEAPON + "knife/stiletto" : "wield stiletto",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/newr.c-                       "newbie" : "the Scout of the Forest",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/newr.c-                       "mortal" : "the Shadow in the Woods",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/newr.c-                       "hm" : "the Evil Forester",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/newr.c-                       "legend" : "the Corrupt and Sinsister Woodlander",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/newr.c-                       "avatar" : "the Malign HavenWood Creature",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/npc/newr.c-                       "nomad" : "the Base Brute of the HavenWood",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/lita.c-      "newbie" : "the Tempted",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/lita.c-      "mortal" : "the Wielder of the Black Rose",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/lita.c-      "hm"     : "the Divine Theorist of Avarice",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/lita.c-      "legend" : "the Zealous Preacher of Lust",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/lita.c-      "avatar" : "the Ravenous Hierophant",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/lita.c-      "merchant" : "the Merchant of Darkness",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/lita.c-      "barbarian" : "the Dark Warrior",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/lita.c-      "cavalier" : "the Protector of the Dark",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/lita.c-      "fighter" : "the Keeper of Darkness",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/lita.c-      "bard" : "the Messenger of Soirin",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/eclatpriest.c-                       "newbie" : "the Young Parvan Eclat",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/eclatpriest.c-                       "mortal" : "the Merry Eclatish Cleric",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/eclatpriest.c-                       "hm"     : "the Jovial Missionary",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/eclatpriest.c-                       "legend" : "the Joyous Wonder",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/eclatpriest.c-                       "avatar" : "the Sunny Spark of Joy",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/eclatpriest.c-                       "bard"   : "the Choirist of Happiness",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/eclatpriest.c-                       "merchant" : "the Merry Merchant",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/eclatpriest.c-                       "barbarian" : "the Parvan Defender of Joy",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/eclatpriest.c-                       "fighter" : "the Opposer of Unhappiness",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/eclatpriest.c-                       "cavalier" : "the Paladin of Joy",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/garric.c-                    "newbie" : "the Initiate Giver of Pain",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/garric.c-                    "mortal" : "the Giver of Pain",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/garric.c-                    "hm" : "the Agonizer",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/garric.c-                    "legend" : "the Master of Suffering",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/garric.c-                    "avatar" : "the Supreme Torturer",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/garric.c-                    "cavalier" : "the Paladin of Pain",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/garric.c-                    "fighter" : "the Tormentor",
domains/havenwood/towns/oldparva/shrines/npc/garric.c-                    "merchant" : "the Evil Financier",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/hippalus.c-    "newbie" : "the Cabin Boy",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/hippalus.c-    "mortal" : "Matey $N the Deckhand",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/hippalus.c-    "hm"     : "the Argonaut",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/hippalus.c-    "legend" : "the Odyssean",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/hippalus.c-    "avatar" : "the Ravager of the Ruined Sea",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/hippalus.c-    "bard"   : "the Siren of Sanctum",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/hippalus.c-    "rogue"  : "the Coastal Terror",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/hippalus.c-    "fighter": "the Legio of the Ruined Sea",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/m_soirin.c-      "newbie" : "the Tempted",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/m_soirin.c-      "mortal" : "the Wielder of the Black Rose",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/m_soirin.c-      "hm"     : "the Divine Theorist of Avarice",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/m_soirin.c-      "legend" : "the Zealous Preacher of Lust",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/m_soirin.c-      "avatar" : "the Ravenous Hierophant",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/verres.c-    "newbie" : "the Lightfoot",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/verres.c-    "mortal" : "the Skulker",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/verres.c-    "hm"     : "the Cat Burglar",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/verres.c-    "legend" : "the Shadow of Sanctum",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/verres.c-    "avatar" : "the Faceless Whisper of Sanctum",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/verres.c-    "fighter" : "the Shadow Fighter of the Sanctum Underground",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/verres.c-    "sailor" : "the Scourge of the South Seas",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/bard.c-      "newbie" : "the Novice Tubicine",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/bard.c-      "mortal" : "the Signifer of the Cohors",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/bard.c-      "hm"     : "the Cornicine of the Cataphractii",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/bard.c-      "legend" : "the Virtuoso of the Sagitarii",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/bard.c-      "avatar" : "Praefectus $N the Aulos of the Praetoriani",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/eclat_acclima.c-       "newbie" : "the Caregiver",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/eclat_acclima.c-       "mortal" : "the Child of the Forest",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/eclat_acclima.c-       "hm"     : "the Practiced Druid",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/eclat_acclima.c-       "legend" : "the Druidic Master",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/eclat_acclima.c-       "avatar" : "the Protector of Sacred Forests",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/marcus.c-    "newbie" : "the Optio of the Sanctum Legion",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/marcus.c-    "mortal" : "the Tesserarius of the Sanctum Legion",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/marcus.c-    "hm"     : "the Centurion of the Sanctum Legion",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/marcus.c-    "legend" : "the Primus Pilus of the Sanctum Legion",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/marcus.c-    "avatar" : "Legatus Legionis $N the Commander of the Sanctum Legion",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/garric.c-     "newbie"  : "the Infected Friar",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/garric.c-     "mortal"  : "the Diseased Cleric",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/garric.c-     "hm"      : "the Tainted Bishop",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/garric.c-     "legend"  : "the Plague-Wrought Cardinal",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/garric.c-     "avatar"  : "Pocked $N the Decayed Bringer of Oblivion",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/garric.c-     "bard"    : "the Voice of Oblivion",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/garric.c-     "fighter" : "the Plague Ridden Monk of Epidemics",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/cerasys.c-      "newbie"  : "the Seeker of Fortunes",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/cerasys.c-      "mortal"  : "the Merchant of Via Imperials",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/cerasys.c-      "hm"      : "the High Merchant of the Peninsula",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/cerasys.c-      "avatar"  : "the Merchant Prince of Sanctum",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/cerasys.c-      "fighter" : "the Caravaner of Sanctum",
domains/peninsula/towns/sanctum/npc/cerasys.c-      "sailor"  : "the Merchant of the South Seas",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.x-     "newbie" : "the Slinker",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.x-     "mortal" : "the Sneak",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.x-     "hm"     : "the Shadow",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.x-     "legend" : "the Knife",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.x-     "avatar" : "the Darkness",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/necro.c-    "newbie" : "the Aspiring Necromancer of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/necro.c-    "mortal" : "the Necromancer of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/necro.c-    "hm"     : "the Adept Necromancer of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/necro.c-    "legend" : "the Legendary Necromancer of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/necro.c-    "avatar" : "the Supreme Necromancer of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/timmy.c-      "newbie"  : "the fortune seeker",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/timmy.c-      "mortal"  : "the Merchant",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/timmy.c-      "hm"      : "the Lord Merchant",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/timmy.c-      "avatar"  : "the Merchant Prince",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/timmy.c-      "fighter" : "the Highway Traveller",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/timmy.c-      "rogue"   : "the Highway Traveller",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/istil.c-    "newbie"  : "the Forester of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/istil.c-    "mortal"  : "the Ranger of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/istil.c-    "hm"      : "the Master Ranger of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/istil.c-    "avatar"  : "the Forest Lord of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/istil.c-  	"natural evokation",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "newbie" : "the Seafarer",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "mortal" : "the Waverunner",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "hm"     : "Captain $N",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "legend" : "the Sunrise of the Sea",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/sailor_leader.c-    "avatar" : "the Flowing Wave",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/sailor_leader.c-    STD_WEAPON + "slash/longsword" : "wield longsword",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/diviner.c-    "newbie" : "the Aspiring Diviner",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/diviner.c-    "mortal" : "the Diviner of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/diviner.c-    "hm"     : "the Master Diviner of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/diviner.c-    "avatar" : "the All Seeing of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/diviner.c-    "/std/weapon/blunt/war-hammer" : "wield hammer",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/evoker.c-    "newbie"   : "the Apprentice Evoker of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/evoker.c-    "mortal"   : "the Evoker of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/evoker.c-    "hm"       : "the Great Evoker of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/evoker.c-    "legend"   : "the Legendary Evoker of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/evoker.c-    "avatar"   : "the Godlike Evoker of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/evoker.c-    "cavalier" : "the Noble Mage of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/evoker.c-    "fighter"  : "General $N the Adroit Tactician of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/nastarum.c-     "newbie" : "the Squire of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/nastarum.c-     "mortal" : "the Knight of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/nastarum.c-     "high mortal" : "the Lord Knight of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/nastarum.c-     "legend" : "the Imperial Lord Knight of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/nastarum.c-     "avatar" : "the Supreme Imperial Lord Knight of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/nastarum.c-     "priest" : "the Paladin of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/nastarum.c-     "evoker" : "the Noble Mage of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/dalahalus.c-     "newbie"   : "the Mendicant of Kylin",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/dalahalus.c-     "mortal"   : "the Priest of Kylin",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/dalahalus.c-     "hm"       : "the Templar of Kylin",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/dalahalus.c-     "legend"   : "the Legendary Priest of Kylin",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/dalahalus.c-     "avatar"   : "the Supreme Priest of Kylin",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/dalahalus.c-     "cavalier" : "the Paladin of Kylin",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/dalahalus.c-     "fighter"  : "the Monk of Kylin",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/bard.c-      "newbie" : "the Soft Storyteller of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/bard.c-      "mortal" : "the Storyteller of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/bard.c-      "hm"     : "the SongMaster of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/bard.c-      "legend" : "the Bardic Legend of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/bard.c-      "avatar" : "the Truly Divine SongMaster of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/bard.c-      "priest" : "the Chorist of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/alhana.c-    "newbie"  : "the Aspiring Adeptus",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/alhana.c-    "mortal"  : "the Adeptus",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/alhana.c-    "hm"      : "the Greater Adeptus",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/alhana.c-    "legend"  : "the Master Adeptus",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/alhana.c-    "avatar"  : "the Supreme Adeptus",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/alhana.c-    "fighter" : "the Sorceror of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/damon.c-    "newbie" : "the Warrior of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/damon.c-    "mortal" : "the Soldier of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/damon.c-    "hm"     : "the Guardsman of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/damon.c-    "legend" : "the Greater Guardsman of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/damon.c-    "avatar" : "the Supreme Guardsman of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.c-     "newbie" : "the Slinker",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.c-     "mortal" : "the Sneak",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.c-     "hm"     : "the Shadow",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.c-     "legend" : "the Knife",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.c-     "avatar" : "the Darkness",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.c-     "priest"    : "the Sinner",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.c-     "merchant"  : "the Fence",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.c-     "enchanter" : "the Curse",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.c-     "fighter"   : "the Killer",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/rogue.c-     "evoker"    : "the Torch",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/enchanter.c-    "newbie" : "the Aspiring Enchanter",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/enchanter.c-    "mortal" : "the Enchanter of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/enchanter.c-    "hm"     : "the Master Enchanter of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/enchanter.c-    "legend" : "the Revisionist of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/enchanter.c-    "avatar" : "the Truly Godlike Reality Alterer of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/acrobat.c-        "newbie"  : "the Novice Tumbler",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/acrobat.c-        "mortal"  : "the Nimble",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/acrobat.c-        "hm"      : "the Advanced Aerialist",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/acrobat.c-        "legend"  : "the Adept Acrobat",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/acrobat.c-        "avatar"  : "the Acclaimed Acrobat",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/acrobat.c-        "ranger"  : "the Scout of the South",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/acrobat.c-        "enchanter" : "the Perplexing Pettifogger",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/metadruid.c-    "newbie" : "the Elven Purist",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/metadruid.c-    "mortal" : "the Keeper of Ancient Ways",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/metadruid.c-    "hm"     : "Wild $N",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/metadruid.c-    "legend" : "the Reactionary Forest Dweller",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/metadruid.c-    "avatar" : "the Divine Walker of the Ancient Wood",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/cav.c-     "newbie" : "the Squire of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/cav.c-     "mortal" : "the Knight of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/cav.c-     "hm"     : "the Lord Knight of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/haven/npc/cav.c-     "avatar" : "the Knight Exemplar of Haven Town",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/fighter.c-    "newbie" : "the Mare Milker",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/fighter.c-    "mortal" : "the member of the Horde",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/fighter.c-    "hm"     : "the Keshak of the Khan",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/fighter.c-    "legend" : "Ko $N the Bloodrider of the Goblin Horde",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/fighter.c-    "avatar" : "Khan",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/jormal.c-    "newbie" : "the Apprentice Night Stalker",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/jormal.c-    "mortal" : "the Twilight Walker of the Horde",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/jormal.c-    "hm"     : "the Night Shadow of the Horde",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/jormal.c-    "legend" : "the Hidden Whisper of the Horde",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/jormal.c-    "avatar" : "the Silent Death of the Horde",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/val_ldr.c-    "newbie" : "the Gutless Sneak",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/val_ldr.c-    "mortal" : "the Bratak of the Horde",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/val_ldr.c-    "hm"     : "the News Bringer of the Horde",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/val_ldr.c-    "legend" : "the Knife in the Night",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/val_ldr.c-    "avatar" : "the Fleetfoot Stalker of the Horde",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/shaman.c-    "newbie" : "the Seeker of Spirits",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/shaman.c-    "mortal" : "the Shaman of the Horde",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/shaman.c-    "hm"     : "the Ancestral Spirit Walker",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/shaman.c-    "legend" : "the Blood of the Spirits",
domains/southern_coast/towns/kresh/npc/shaman.c-    "avatar" : "the Rider of the Winds",
domains/southern_coast/areas/camp/npc/cleric.c-    "newbie" : "the Initiate of the Fallen God",
domains/southern_coast/areas/camp/npc/cleric.c-    "mortal" : "Cultist $N the Follower of the Fallen God",
domains/southern_coast/areas/camp/npc/cleric.c-    "hm"     : "the Bringer of Chaos",
domains/southern_coast/areas/camp/npc/cleric.c-    "legend" : "the Taint of Taigis",
domains/southern_coast/areas/camp/npc/cleric.c-    "avatar" : "the Mark of Chaos",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/samurai_leader.c-     "newbie" : "the Young Warrior of Tairi",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/samurai_leader.c-     "mortal" : "the Samurai of Tairi",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/samurai_leader.c-     "hm" : "the High Samurai of Tairi",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/samurai_leader.c-     "legend" : "the Legendary Samurai of Tairi",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/samurai_leader.c-     "avatar" : "the Godlike Warrior Lord of Tairi",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/evoker.c-    "newbie" : "the Apprentice Magician of Tairi",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/evoker.c-    "mortal" : "the Magician of Tairi",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/evoker.c-    "hm"     : "the High Magician of Tairi",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/evoker.c-    "legend" : "the Legendary Magician of Tairi",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/evoker.c-    "avatar" : "the Truly Godlike Magician of Tairi",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/evoker.c-    "magical evokation", "magical enchantment",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/evoker.c-    "magical planar magic", "magical divination",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/sail_trainer.c-    "newbie" : "the Wako",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/sail_trainer.c-    "mortal" : "the Coastal Raider",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/sail_trainer.c-    "hm"     : "the Island Hopper",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/sail_trainer.c-    "legend" : "the Bane of Treasure Fleets",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/sail_trainer.c-    "avatar" : "the Oni of Endless Sea",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/cleric.c-     "newbie" : "the Seeker of Harmonious Existance",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/cleric.c-     "mortal" : "the Spirtual Path Seeker",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/cleric.c-     "hm"     : "the Peaceful and Harmonious",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/cleric.c-     "legend" : "the One with Self",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/cleric.c-     "avatar" : "the Pure Instrument of the Heavens",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/cleric.c-      STD_CLOTHING "body/loin" : "wear loincloth",
domains/tairi/towns/tairi/npc/cleric.c-      STD_POLE     "staff" : "wield staff",
domains/tairi/areas/ninja_tower/npc/ninja_leader.c-      "newbie" : "the Initiate of Shadows",
domains/tairi/areas/ninja_tower/npc/ninja_leader.c-      "mortal" : "the Shinobi",
domains/tairi/areas/ninja_tower/npc/ninja_leader.c-      "hm"     : "the Emissary of Secrets",
domains/tairi/areas/ninja_tower/npc/ninja_leader.c-      "legend" : "the Night Stalker",
domains/tairi/areas/ninja_tower/npc/ninja_leader.c-      "avatar" : "the Blade in the Darkness",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/nervala.c-     "newbie" : "the Acolyte Magildan Mystic",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/nervala.c-     "mortal" : "the Magildan Mystic",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/nervala.c-     "hm"     : "the High Magildan Mystic",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/nervala.c-     "legend" : "the Protector of Energy",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/nervala.c-     "avatar" : "the Weaver of Energy",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/jylrilin.c-      "shadow mage" : "the Spellweaver in the Shadows",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/dolad.c-      "newbie" : "the Neophyte of Enchantment",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/dolad.c-      "mortal" : "the Professional Enchanter",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/dolad.c-      "hm"     : "the Wizard of Enthrallment",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/dolad.c-      "legend" : "the Weaver of Dreams",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/dolad.c-      "avatar" : "the Bender of Wills",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/dolad.c-      "fighter" : "the Wizard of War",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/saolin.c-      "fighter" : "the Sorcerer",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/xloria.c-      "rogue" : "the Violator of Sacred Ground",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/valora.c-      "newbie" : "the Neophyte Diviner",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/valora.c-      "mortal" : "the Professional Diviner",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/valora.c-      "legend" : "the Augur of Thought",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/valora.c-      "avatar" : "the Omniscient Prophet",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/valora.c-      "rogue" : "the Predator of Dreams",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/valora.c-      "merchant" : "the Dream Merchant",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/larn.c-      "cavalier" : "the Militant Wizard",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/laeryn.c-    "newbie" : "the Acolyte Magildan Mystic",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/laeryn.c-    "mortal" : "the Magildan Mystic",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/laeryn.c-    "hm" : "the High Magildan Mystic",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/laeryn.c-    "legend" : "the Protector of Energy",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/laeryn.c-    "avatar" : "the Weaver of Energy",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/t_warlord.c-      "warlord" : "Warmind $N, of the Airborne Host",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/volric.c-      "gypsy" : "the Predator of Dreams",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/kothus.c-      "cavalier" : "the Militant Wizard",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/hima.c-      "newbie" : "the Neophyte of the Dark Art",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/hima.c-      "mortal" : "the Professional of the Dark Art",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/hima.c-      "hm"     : "the Tainted Wizard",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/hima.c-      "legend" : "the Bane of the Living",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/hima.c-      "avatar" : "the Warden of Lost Souls",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/hima.c-      "rogue"  : "the Violator of Sacred Ground",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/hima.c-      "cavalier" : "the Fallen Knight",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/hawek.c-     "mortal" : "the Ranger of Jidoor",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/hawek.c-     "hm"     : "the Grand Ranger of Jidoor",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/hawek.c-     "legend" : "the Lord of Jidoor's Forests",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/hawek.c-     "avatar" : "the Protector of Nature",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/old/ryl.c-      "newbie" : "the Neophyte of Evokation",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/old/ryl.c-      "mortal" : "the Professional Evoker",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/old/ryl.c-      "hm" : "the Grand Magician",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/old/ryl.c-      "legend" : "the Thaumaturgist of Destruction",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/old/ryl.c-      "avatar" : "the Shatterer of Worlds",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/old/ryl.c-      "rogue" : "the Spellweaver in the Shadows",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/old/ryl.c-      "cavalier" : "the Militant Wizard",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/gellin.c-      "newbie" : "the Neophyte of the Dark Art",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/gellin.c-      "mortal" : "the Professional of the Dark Art",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/gellin.c-      "hm" : "the Tainted Wizard",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/gellin.c-      "legend" : "the Bane of the Living",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/gellin.c-      "avatar" : "the Warden of Lost Souls",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/gellin.c-      "rogue" : "the Violator of Sacred Ground",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/gellin.c-      "cavalier" : "the Fallen Knight",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/warlad.c-      "newbie"   : "the Neophyte of Evokation",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/warlad.c-      "mortal"   : "the Professional Evoker",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/warlad.c-      "hm"       : "the Grand Magician",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/warlad.c-      "legend"   : "the Thaumaturgist of Destruction",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/warlad.c-      "avatar"   : "the Shatterer of Worlds",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/warlad.c-      //"rogue"    : "the Spellweaver in the Shadows",
domains/valley/towns/jidoor/npc/warlad.c-      //"cavalier" : "the Militant Wizard",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/fighter.c-    "newbie" : "the Apprentice Fighter",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/fighter.c-    "mortal" : "the Warrior",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/fighter.c-    "hm"     : "the Fierce Fighter",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/fighter.c-    "legend" : "the Legendary Warrior",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/merchant_leader.c-    "newbie" : "the Sweeper of Floors",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/merchant_leader.c-    "mortal" : "the Near-Bankrupt Trader",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/merchant_leader.c-    "hm"     : "the Shopkeep",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/merchant_leader.c-    "legend" : "the Merchant Prince",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/merchant_leader.c-    "avatar" : "the Intercontinental Import/Export Specialist",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/evoker.c-    "newbie" : "the Apprentice Evoker",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/evoker.c-    "mortal" : "the Minor Magius",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/evoker.c-    "hm"     : "the Adeptus Magius",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/evoker.c-    "legend" : "the Superior Seer",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/illusionist.c-    "newbie" : "the Flash in the Pan",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/illusionist.c-    "mortal" : "the Illusionist",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/illusionist.c-    "hm"     : "the Cynical Charlatan",
domains/valley/towns/underland/npc/illusionist.c-    "legend" : "the Miracle Mendicant",
domains/westwood/towns/thra/npc/fighter.c-    "newbie" : "the Mare Milker",
domains/westwood/towns/thra/npc/fighter.c-    "mortal" : "the member of the Horde",
domains/westwood/towns/thra/npc/fighter.c-    "hm"     : "the Keshak of the Khan",
domains/westwood/towns/thra/npc/fighter.c-    "legend" : "Ko $N the Bloodrider of the Goblin Horde",
domains/westwood/towns/thra/npc/fighter.c-    "avatar" : "Khan",
domains/westwood/towns/thra/npc/druid.c-    "newbie" : "the Seedling",
domains/westwood/towns/thra/npc/druid.c-    "mortal" : "the Blossom",
domains/westwood/towns/thra/npc/druid.c-    "hm"     : "the Growth",
domains/westwood/towns/thra/npc/druid.c-    "legend" : "the Natural Spirit",
domains/westwood/towns/thra/npc/druid.c-    "avatar" : "the Touch of Nature",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/diviner_sauras.c-      "newbie"      : "the Studious Child of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/diviner_sauras.c-      "mortal"      : "the Enlightened Enchanter of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/diviner_sauras.c-      "high mortal" : "the Creative",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/diviner_sauras.c-      "legend"      : "the Talented Creator of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/diviner_sauras.c-      "avatar"      : "the Wise One of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/diviner_sauras.c-   SetFriends( ({ "Dulcae","Tia","Aegri Portare","Alamus","cemetary worker",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/diviner_sauras.c-                  "Soleil citizen","shaggy dog","Sorgan","Foret","Fait",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/diviner_sauras.c-                  "entrance guard","Iuvo","Fossis","Kiee","Miserum",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/fighter_oppugno.c-                       "newbie"      : "the Soleil Fighting Trainee",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/fighter_oppugno.c-                       "mortal"      : "the Soleil Fighter",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/fighter_oppugno.c-                       "high mortal" : "the Fierce Soleil Fighter",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/fighter_oppugno.c-                       "legend"      : "the Soleil Legend-Fighter",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/fighter_oppugno.c-                       "avatar"      : "the Warrior of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/fighter_oppugno.c-                       "cleric"      : "the Faithful Soleil Soldier",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/fighter_oppugno.c-                       "barbarian"   : "the Combatent of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/fighter_oppugno.c-                       "merchant"    : "the Affluent Soldier of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/fighter_oppugno.c-                       "enchanter"   : "the Quarrelsome Charmer of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/fighter_oppugno.c-                       "rogue"       : "the Affluent Soldier of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/druid_acclima.c-   		  "newbie"      : "the Initiate Druid of Eclat",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/druid_acclima.c-        "mortal"      : "the Majestic Soleil Druid Priest",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/druid_acclima.c-        "high mortal" : "the Guardian Angel of the WestWood",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/druid_acclima.c-        "legend"      : "the Revered and Dreaded Champion of the WestWood",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/druid_acclima.c-        "avatar"      : "the Sagacious Master of the WestWood",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/druid_acclima.c-        "chorist"     : "the Mellifluous WestWood Chorist",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/druid_acclima.c-        "fighter"     : "the WestWood Battle-Axe",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/druid_acclima.c-        "paladin"     : "the Chivalrous WestWood Paladin",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/druid_acclima.c-        "crusader"    : "the Gallant WestWood Crusader",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/druid_acclima.c-        "evangelist"  : "the Gentle Trader of the WestWood",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.c-     "newbie"       : "the Handstand Apprentice",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.c-     "mortal"       : "the Acrobatic Initiate of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.c-     "high mortal"  : "the Gymnast of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.c-     "legend"       : "the Legendary Acrobat of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.c-     "avatar"       : "the Parkour Artist",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.c-     "demi-god"     : "the Parkour Master of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.c-     "epic paragon" : "the Grand Master of Acrobatics",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.c-     "ranger"       : "the Freerunner of the Forest",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.c-     "enchanter"    : "the Cirque du Soleil Artist",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.c-     "bard"         : "the Master of Capoeira",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/bard.c-    "newbie" : "the Muezzin Debutant",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/bard.c-    "mortal" : "the Scintillante Singer",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/bard.c-    "hm"     : "the Performer of Scherzo",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/bard.c-    "legend" : "the Spianato Singer",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/bard.c-    "avatar" : "the Entertainer",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/bard.c-    "cleric" : "the Chorist of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.x-                       "newbie"       : "the Handstand Apprentice",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.x-                       "mortal"       : "the Acrobatic Initiate of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.x-                       "high mortal"  : "the Gymnast of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.x-                       "legend"       : "the Legendary Acrobat of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.x-                       "avatar"       : "the Parkour Artist",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.x-                       "demi-god"     : "the Parkour Master of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.x-                       "epic paragon" : "the Grand Master of Acrobatics",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.x-                       "ranger"       : "the Freerunner of the Forest",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.x-                       "enchanter"    : "the Cirque du Soleil Artist",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/acrobat_rene.x-                       "bard"         : "the Master of Capoeira",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/merchant_nobu.c-                       "newbie" : "the Apprentice Merchant of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/merchant_nobu.c-                       "mortal" : "the Trader",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/merchant_nobu.c-                       "hm"     : "the Merchant",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/merchant_nobu.c-                       "legend" : "the Opulent",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/merchant_nobu.c-                       "avatar" : "the Filthy Rich",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/merchant_nobu.c-                       "caravener" : "the Strong Merchant",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/merchant_nobu.c-                       "evangelist" : "the Preaching Merchant",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/merchant_nobu.c-                       "pirate" : "the Strong Merchant",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/merchant_nobu.c-                       "oracle" : "the Wise Merchant",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/ranger_foret.c-      "newbie"      : "the Trainee",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/ranger_foret.c-      "mortal"      : "the Gentle WestWood Woodsman",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/ranger_foret.c-      "high mortal" : "the Kind Soleil Forester",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/ranger_foret.c-      "legend"      : "the WestWood Naturalist",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/ranger_foret.c-      "avatar"      : "the Ranger of Soleil",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/ranger_foret.c-      "nomad"       : "the Nomadic WestWood Brawn",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/priest_kiee.c-                       "newbie"      : "the Bringer of Goodness",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/priest_kiee.c-                       "mortal"      : "the Virtuous Soleil Chaplain",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/priest_kiee.c-                       "hm"          : "the Benevolent and Devout Priest",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/priest_kiee.c-                       "legend"      : "the Amiable and Pious Eclat",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/priest_kiee.c-                       "avatar"      : "the Sacred Priest of Eclat",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/priest_kiee.c-                       "monk"        : "the Strong Eclatish Warrior",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/priest_kiee.c-                       "paladin"     : "the Virtuous Eclatish Paladin",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/priest_kiee.c-                       "evangelist"  : "the Righteous Peddlar",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/priest_kiee.c-                       "crusader"    : "the Mighty Proselytizer",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/chorist.c-     "newbie" : "the Muezzin Debutant",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/chorist.c-     "mortal" : "the Scintillante Singer",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/chorist.c-     "hm"     : "the Performer of Scherzo",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/chorist.c-     "legend" : "the Spianato Singer",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/chorist.c-     "avatar" : "the Entertainer",
domains/westwood/towns/soleil/npc/chorist.c-     "cleric" : "the Joyous Chorist",
domains/westwood/virtual/npc/phayla.c-      "newbie" : "the Whistler in the Woods",
domains/westwood/virtual/npc/phayla.c-      "mortal" : "the Treetop Tuner",
domains/westwood/virtual/npc/phayla.c-      "hm"     : "the Virtuoso in Vines",
domains/westwood/virtual/npc/phayla.c-      "legend" : "the Bard of the Brambles",
domains/westwood/virtual/npc/phayla.c-      "avatar" : "the Whisper on the Wind",
domains/westwood/areas/monastery/npc/uni_leader.c-     "newbie"    : "the Helpful",
domains/westwood/areas/monastery/npc/uni_leader.c-     "mortal"    : "the Kind",
domains/westwood/areas/monastery/npc/uni_leader.c-     "hm"        : "the Joyful",
domains/westwood/areas/monastery/npc/uni_leader.c-     "legend"    : "the Blessed",
domains/westwood/areas/monastery/npc/uni_leader.c-     "avatar"    : "Pious $N the Innocent",
domains/westwood/areas/monastery/npc/uni_leader.c-     "fighter"   : "Oathbound $N the Guardian of the Weak",
domains/westwood/areas/monastery/npc/uni_leader.c-     "bard"      : "Chorist $N the Trumpet of the Heart",
domains/westwood/areas/monastery/npc/uni_leader.c-     "cavalier"  : "Holy $N the Defender of the Meek",
domains/westwood/areas/monastery/npc/uni_leader.c-     "charlatan" : "$N the Thief of the Mighty",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/sekhemre.c-    "newbie" : "the Apprentice Evoker of Lisht",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/sekhemre.c-    "mortal" : "the Evoker of Lisht",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/sekhemre.c-    "hm"     : "the Magnificent Evoker of Lisht",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/sekhemre.c-    "legend" : "the Hand of Selket",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/sekhemre.c-    "avatar" : "the Pariah of the Living",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/sekhemre.c-    "cavalier" : "the Keeper of the Threshold",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_rogue.c-    "newbie" : "the Hiding Elfling",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_rogue.c-    "mortal" : "the Steathly Shadow",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_rogue.c-    "hm"     : "the Shadow of Lisht",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_rogue.c-    "legend" : "the Completely Hidden",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_rogue.c-    "avatar" : "the Green Hand",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_rogue.c-    STD_WEAPON + "knife/stiletto" : "wield stiletto",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/imhotep.c-    "newbie" : "the Acolyte of Enniae",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/imhotep.c-    "mortal" : "the Priest of Enniae",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/imhotep.c-    "hm" : "the Dreaded Priest of Enniae",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/imhotep.c-    "legend" : "the Venom Lord",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/imhotep.c-    "avatar" : "the Mouthpiece of Selket",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/imhotep.c-    "cavalier" : "the Keeper of the Threshold",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/imhotep.c-    "fighter" : "the Uplifted of Enniae",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_priest.c-     "newbie" : "the Supplicant of the One God",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_priest.c-     "mortal" : "the Priest of Anteky",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_priest.c-     "hm"     : "the High Priest of Anteky",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_priest.c-     "legend" : "the Bishop of the One God",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_priest.c-     "avatar" : "the Prophet of the One God",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/apophis.c-    "newbie" : "the Apprentice Necromancer of Lisht",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/apophis.c-    "mortal" : "the Necromancer of Lisht",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/apophis.c-    "hm" : "the Terrifying Necromancer of Lisht",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/apophis.c-    "legend" : "the Master of Corpses",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/apophis.c-    "avatar" : "the Bringer of the Dead",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/general_sefet.c-      "newbie" : "the Sentry of Lisht",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/general_sefet.c-      "mortal" : "the Soldier of Lisht",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/general_sefet.c-      "hm" : "the Captain of Lisht",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/general_sefet.c-      "legend" : "the Lord Commander of Lisht",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/general_sefet.c-      "avatar" : "the War-Hawk of Lisht",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_bard.c-    "newbie" : "the Mournful Musician of the Maligned",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_bard.c-    "mortal" : "the Sorrowful Singer of the Slaves",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_bard.c-    "hm"     : "the Arranger of Aural Alleviation",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_bard.c-    "legend" : "the Chariot of the Choir",
domains/xandria/towns/lisht/npc/elf_bard.c-    "avatar" : "the Inspired Bard of the Downtrodden",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/merchant.c-    "newbie" : "$N the Merchant's Apprentice",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/merchant.c-    "mortal" : "$N the Travelling Merchant",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/merchant.c-    "hm"     : "$N the Shrewd Dealer of the Desert",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/merchant.c-    "legend" : "$N the Merchant Prince",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/merchant.c-    "avatar" : "Merchant Prince $N the Seller of Sand in the Desert",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/janissary.c-    "newbie" : "$N the Ajemi of the Desert",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/janissary.c-    "mortal" : "$N the Devshirmeh Warrior of the Desert",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/janissary.c-    "hm"     : "$N the Elite Janissary of Yozrath",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/janissary.c-    "legend" : "$N Jemaat of the Desert",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/janissary.c-    "avatar" : "$N the Imperial Beuluk of Yozrath",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/dancer.c-    "newbie" : "$N the Student of the Dance",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/dancer.c-    "mortal" : "$N the Dancer",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/dancer.c-    "hm"     : "$N the Lithe Writher",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/dancer.c-    "legend" : "$N the Famed Artist",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/dancer.c-    "avatar" : "$N the Desert Rose",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/rogue.c-    "newbie" : "$N the Humble Thief",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/rogue.c-    "mortal" : "$N the Silent Walker of the Desert",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/rogue.c-    "hm"     : "$N the Retriever of Lost Things",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/rogue.c-    "legend" : "$N the Desert Scrounger",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/imam.c-    "newbie" : "$N the Desert Acolyte of Kylin",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/imam.c-    "mortal" : "$N the Preacher of the Sands",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/imam.c-    "hm"     : "Hajji $N the Desert Imam",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/imam.c-    "legend" : "Hajji $N the Mahdi of the Dunes",
domains/yozrath/towns/yozrath/npc/imam.c-    "avatar" : "Hajji $N the Prophet of the Desert",
domains/yozrath/virtual/npc/necro.c-    "newbie" : "the Shadow of the Sands",
domains/yozrath/virtual/npc/necro.c-    "mortal" : "the Scourge of the Desert",
domains/yozrath/virtual/npc/necro.c-    "hm"     : "the Foul Deceiver",
domains/yozrath/virtual/npc/necro.c-    "legend" : "the Sacrificer of Souls",
domains/yozrath/virtual/npc/necro.c-    "avatar" : "the Plague of Yozrath",
domains/yozrath/areas/minaret/npc/mystic.c:  if (killer) killer->AddTitle("the Mystic Murderer");
domains/havenwood/towns/havenwood/npc/spirit.c:    agent->AddTitle("the Defiler of the Havenwood");
domains/havenwood/areas/stryke/npc/stryke.c:      agent->AddTitle("the Dragon Slayer");
domains/frostmarches/areas/wood/npc/matus.c:  if (killer) killer->AddTitle("the Butcher of Kailie");
domains/westwood/areas/rooklair/npc/rook.bkp:  agent->AddTitle("the LightsBane, Harbinger of Evil");
domains/westwood/areas/rooklair/npc/rook.c:  agent->AddTitle("the LightsBane");
domains/baria/areas/jungle/black_dragon.c:  agent->AddTitle("the Jungle Blight");
domains/crystal_reaches/areas/gwonish/obj/captainsword.c:  this_player()->AddTitle("the bearer of Ch'dichick's Blade");
domains/innersea/encounters/undead/undeadcaptain.c:  if (agent) agent->AddTitle("the Despoiler of the Black Night");
std/missions/all/visit_xandria.c:  SetTitle("the Distant Traveller");
std/missions/all/wards_of_light.c:  SetTitle("the Bringer of Fire");
std/missions/averath/averath_rodent_extermination.c:  SetTitle("the Rodent Exterminator");
std/missions/averath/averath_bandit_slayer.c:  SetTitle("the Subterranean Bandit Basher");
std/missions/averath/averath_visit_haven.c:  SetTitle("the Averan Ferry Rider");
std/missions/baria/baria_monkey_meat.c:  SetTitle("the Chef's Aide");
std/missions/baria/baria_tarantula_killer.c:  SetTitle("the Adversary of Arachnids");
std/missions/crystal_reaches/gwonish_spike_crafter.c:  SetTitle("the Spike Crafter");
std/missions/crystal_reaches/karak_keep_3.c:  SetTitle("the Mage Slayer");
std/missions/crystal_reaches/karak_keep_4.c:  SetTitle("the Annihilator of the Keep");
std/missions/crystal_reaches/karak_singers.c:  SetTitle("the Silencer of Songs");
std/missions/crystal_reaches/karak_orc_camp.c:  SetTitle("the Scout");
std/missions/crystal_reaches/karak_keep_2.c:  SetTitle("the Horde Raider");
std/missions/crystal_reaches/karak_message_sklaag.c:  SetTitle("the Envoy of the Horde");
std/missions/crystal_reaches/karak_message_kresh.c:  SetTitle("the Runner");
std/missions/crystal_reaches/karak_keep_1.c:  SetTitle("the Horde Spoliator");
std/missions/crystal_reaches/karak_message_gwonish.c:  SetTitle("the Errand Dog");
std/missions/frostmarches/kill_kylin_leaders.c:  SetTitle("a Scion of Taigis");
std/missions/frostmarches/kylin_inquisitor_p2.c:  SetTitle("the Daemon Queller");
std/missions/havenwood/parva_centaur_hunting.c:  SetTitle("the Centaur Hunter");
std/missions/havenwood/hw_roastedrabbit.c:  SetTitle("the Roaster of Rabbits");
std/missions/havenwood/malv_story8.c:  SetTitle("the Malveillant Executor");
std/missions/havenwood/parva_organ_delivery.c:  SetTitle("the Organ Carrier");
std/missions/havenwood/hw_coconut.c:  SetTitle("the Gatherer of Coconuts");
std/missions/havenwood/parva_book2.c:  //SetTitle(" ");
std/missions/havenwood/parva_book1.c:  //SetTitle(" ");
std/missions/havenwood/hw_dates.c:  SetTitle("the Forager");
std/missions/havenwood/parva_sabotage_1.c:  SetTitle("the Initiate of Sabotage");
std/missions/havenwood/parva_keep_raider.c:  SetTitle("the Raider of the Keep");
std/missions/havenwood/parva_book3.c:  SetTitle("the Bibliotaphic Gofer");
std/missions/havenwood/hw_grocer.c:  SetTitle("the Havenwood Grocer");
std/missions/havenwood/hw_blueberries.c:  SetTitle("the Blueberry Picker");
std/missions/havenwood/parva_namatar.c:  SetTitle("the Circumnavigator");
std/missions/havenwood/hw_fruit.c:  SetTitle("the Fruit Harvester");
std/missions/havenwood/malv_bandit.c:  SetTitle("the Havenroad Bandit");
std/missions/havenwood/parva_kill_beornwulf.c:  SetTitle("the Destroyer of Hope");
std/missions/peninsula/sanctum_equipper.c:  SetTitle("the Equipped");
std/missions/southern_coast/haven_keep_defender.c:  SetTitle("the Defender of the Keep");
std/missions/southern_coast/haven_eclat_1.c:  SetTitle("the Squirrel");
std/missions/southern_coast/haven_kill_sklaag.c:  SetTitle("the Destroyer of the Orcish Raiding Party");
std/missions/southern_coast/haven_crystal_ball.c:  SetTitle("the Crystal Courier");
std/missions/southern_coast/haven_visit_jidoor.c:  SetTitle("the Haven Town Courier");
std/missions/southern_coast/kill_slavers_1.c:  SetTitle("the Slayer of Slavers");
std/missions/southern_coast/egryn_kill_necro.c:  SetTitle("the Scourge of the Necromancers");
std/missions/southern_coast/bandit_slayer.c:  SetTitle("the Bandit Slayer");
std/missions/southern_coast/haven_repo.c:  SetTitle("the Reposessor");
std/missions/southern_coast/haven_visit_gurov.c:  SetTitle("the Envoy of Haven Town");
std/missions/southern_coast/swashbuckler.c:  SetTitle("the Swashbuckler");
std/missions/southern_coast/visit_averath.c:  SetTitle("the Ferry Rider");
std/missions/southern_coast/visit_beornwulf_library.c:  SetTitle("the Haven Town Runner");
std/missions/southern_coast/platypus_skinner.c:  SetTitle("the Platypus Skinner");
std/missions/southern_coast/graveyard_1.c:  SetTitle("the Guardian of the Old Cemetery");
std/missions/southern_coast/haven_visit_sanctum.c:  SetTitle("the Haven Town Messenger");
std/missions/southern_coast/graveyard_2.c:  SetTitle("the Crypt Keeper");
std/missions/southern_coast/visit_natural_store.c:  SetTitle("the Hidebound");
std/missions/southern_coast/visit_armour_store.c:  SetTitle("the Armoured");
std/missions/southern_coast/visit_bandit_camp.c:  SetTitle("the Explorer");
std/missions/southern_coast/bandit_leader_slayer.c:  SetTitle("the Bandit Slayer");
std/missions/southern_coast/visit_leather_equipper.c:  SetTitle("the Equipped");
std/missions/southern_coast/graveyard_3.c:  SetTitle("the Tomb Raider");
std/missions/southern_coast/visit_plat_bay.c:  SetTitle("the Vacationer");
std/missions/tairi/tai_purification_1.c://  SetTitle("");
std/missions/tairi/tai_purification_3.c:  SetTitle("the Consecrated Defender of the Shrine");
std/missions/tairi/tai_purification_2.c:  SetTitle("the Exorcist");
std/missions/tairi/tai_visit_cherry_blossom.c:  SetTitle("the Arboretum Visitor");
std/missions/tairi/tai_visit_bandit_camp.c:  SetTitle("the Island Explorer");
std/missions/tairi/tai_ronin_leader_slayer.c:  SetTitle("the Eradicator of Outlaws");
std/missions/tairi/tai_ronin_slayer.c:  SetTitle("the Ronin Slayer");
std/missions/valley/ji_visit_valley.c:  SetTitle("the Bird Watcher");
std/missions/valley/ji_tower_assault_1.c:  SetTitle("the Zombie Slayer");
std/missions/valley/ji_tower_assault_3.c:  SetTitle("the Tower Toppler");
std/missions/valley/ji_tower_assault_2.c:  SetTitle("the Vampire Hunter");
std/missions/valley/ji_steal_birds.c:  SetTitle("the Thief of Wings");                                                
std/missions/xandria/lisht_mummy.c:  SetTitle("the Cursed");
