scalpel        wand           girdle          woolen          wizardry 
of mercy       power          pouch           bearskin        mood
of carnage     sceptre        staff           vest            dignity
executioner's  twisted        orb             reinforced      courage
great          gnarled        sash            muddy           crusader's 
desolation     trident        knowledge       heel            regal, royale
butterfly      sword          bell            plain           bone
stiletto       scimitar       webbed          winged          symbol
rusty          sabre          splinted        feathered       scorpion
kris           longsword      scalemail       glowing         of dragons
broom          shortsword     webbed          winds           satin
demonic        blade          split           dented          furry
talon          demon          half, full      old             indigo
wooden         snake          leather         zodiac signs    of vanity
pick           whip           heroic          bracers         horned
morningstar    barbed         crimson         studded         visor
falchion       chain          tarnished       friendship      ethereal 
pipe           spiked         centurion       woven           angelic
hammer         veiled         sentry          knitted         living
glaive         of war         embriodered     armband         dress
scythe         aegis          linen           stripped        compass
lance          belt           shadow          seashell        amulet
halberd        skirt          berserker       onyx            talisman
cape           robe           cloak           brooch          necklace
medallion      scarf          collar          waistchain      neckchain
apron          of valor       crested         unholy, holy    scaled
bloodstained   wyrm, wyvern   ivory           ringed, chained elven
dwarven        insignia       corporal        corpulent
   
